DOCSP-33952: Atomic typos (#319)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/crud/compound-operations.txt

.. tip::
    

>    If you must read and write to more than one document, use
>    :ref:`transactions <golang-transactions>`.

Reviewer: S: change sentence
```suggestion
   To learn how to perform compound operations on more than one document
   at a time, see the :ref:`Transactions <golang-transactions>` guide.
```

   ``FindOneAndDelete()`` in that you cannot specify a sort order for the
   matched documents. 

>    To find and delete a document in separate transactions, call the
>    ``findOne()`` method followed by the ``deleteOne()`` method. 

Reviewer: S: something about this sentence is awkward, separate
```suggestion
   To find a document and delete it in separate operations, call the
   ``findOne()`` method followed by the ``deleteOne()`` method.
```

   ``FindOneAndUpdate()`` in that you cannot specify a sort order for the
   matched documents. 

   To find and update a document in separate transactions, call 

>    the ``findOne()`` method followed by the ``updateOne()`` method. 

Reviewer: S: see earlier comment
